[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR]
It's been two years
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew
underwent special training
to prepare for the trials ahead.
Now, they return to the
Sabaody Archipelago
and move forward to next
stage of their journey:
The New World.
[ROBIN]
It's for a concert today.
He's calling himself
"Soul King."
Yeah, there's a
story behind that.
He didn't say anything
about this to me,
but he's makin' a lot of
people happy with his music.
He might not wanna be
a pirate anymore.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[FAKE SANJI] Look! It's that
kid with the backpack!
Maybe our luck ain't
so bad after all!
Oh, it's you guys.
[PIRATES chattering]
[MARINE C]
Reporting from Grove 46.
All the new recruits
the Straw Hats
picked up are gathering here,
and from the looks of things,
I'd there might be nearly
a hundred of them.
There are four captains
here at least.
[LUFFY]
"Big Guns Assembled!
The Danger of the
Fake Straw Hats!"
[SOUL KING FANS cheering]
[cheering continues]
[BROOK]
Thank you!
Thank you, everybody!
All right! The wall!
[SOUL KING FANS]
Forty-five degrees!
Thank you for comin' out!
[BROOK] Now that is what
I'm talking about.
[STAFF A]
Nice work, sir.
[BROOK]
Hell yeah!
Ahh... Like a rockstar, baby.
[BROOK]
Sinkin' down to my bones.
[ringing]
This is Grove #46
with an update.
The pirates keep pouring in.
There's definitely over
a hundred now.
None of the main Straw
Hats are here yet,
but even so, I would approach
with extreme caution.
[MARINE C gasps]
[MARINE C screams]
[MARINE A] Hey! What's wrong?
Did they find you?
[MARINE C screams]
This is bad! Tell the
backup they need to hurry!
Well now, what have we here?
Who is this little fellow
whispering behind the rock?
Because he looks
like a Navy soldier.
And my goodness, what is this?
You weren't looking to crash
our harmless party, were you?
No! No! That's not
very civil at all!
'Cause if you were calling
your friends for backup,
that would not end well,
seeing as they weren't invited.
Show some manners.
I saw him. He was calling.
No! I was going to
call them, but I...
...I-I hadn't gotten
through to them just yet.
That is good to hear.
And I say that for
your sake, too.
[CARIBOU laughs]
Because if your
friends did show up,
this grove would be
covered in blood.
Their blood and your blood.
C'mon, Coribou.
Back me up here.
Huh? I wasn't listening!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Who do you think you're bowing
to, moron? I'm over here!
[CORIBOU yelps]
Please, forgive me.
You still can't get it right!
What, are you blind
or just stupid?
[MARINE C]
He's famous for killing Marines.
[gasps]
[laughing]
[MARINE C screams]
Aww. Do you think
this is a joke?
He really stabbed that guy!
Then the stories are true.
[CARIBOU]
Gods, have mercy!
He is but a fool!
He grabbed his gun!
This poor, misguided soul tried
to incite violence against me!
In your infinite kindness,
please show him mercy!
[CORIBOU] Sorry, gods.
Sorry. Very sorry. Sorry, gods.
[CARIBOU]
Now, brother, bury him.
Bury this sinful
transgressor alive.
Dig so that his poor
soul may be free.
[CORIBOU]
Roger!
Digging. Digging...
[MARINE C]
Wait a second.
What if I call them and
tell them not to come?
That would be good, right?
[FAKE LUFFY]
That's enough, Caribou.
[CARIBOU]
Huh?
[FAKE LUFFY]
You can bury that nobody later.
We got bigger fish
to fry right now.
[PIRATES cheering]
Just tell us what you want
from us, Captain Luffy!
We're ready to go!
[FAKE LUFFY]
Take a look around you, boys,
this is history in the making!
You probably don't
know each other yet,
but you'll be tight as
brothers soon enough.
From here on out,
you're Straw Hats!
[PIRATES cheering]
[FAKE LUFFY]
Not a bad deal.
And I swear, when I become
King of the Pirates,
you're gonna know you
made the right call!
[PIRATES cheering]
But I need a promise
from ya first.
'Cause a real king
needs loyal subjects,
ones that will live
and die for him
and wait on him hand and foot!
[PIRATES cheering]
Anything you say!
You're the man who
escaped Impel Down,
wrecked Enies Lobby,
stormed Marineford,
and fought the Admirals!
You've got the World Government
quaking in its boots!
Sailing the seas with you
is like a dream come true!
Listen, there's only one man
fit to be King of the Pirates
and he's standing right there!
You get with him, or you
get left in the dust!
[PIRATES cheering]
[FAKE ZORO]
Looks like the gang's all here.
[LUFFY]
Is this it?
So where is everyone?
Stop makin' me wait!
[PIRATES cheering, laughing]
All right, enough!
I didn't call you here to party,
we got business to attend to.
Some jackasses out there
haven't been showin' me
the respect I deserve.
That is to say,
they insulted my honor!
A red-haired girl,
a long-nosed guy,
and a brat with a backpack.
Find 'em and bring 'em to me!
The bastards are still on
the archipelago somewhere!
[PIRATES yelling]
[PIRATE H]
Consider it done, boss!
[PIRATE I] We'll make
'em suffer! You'll see!
I gotta say, though, people sure
can change a lot in two years.
For one, you guys hardly
talk at all anymore.
He's more dangerous
than we thought.
We gotta get him
to the boss pronto,
or he's gonna rat us
out to everyone.
Who is this guy?
I dunno, but in the meantime,
let's try not to talk
so he doesn't catch on.
The captain's right there, he
can figure this out on his own!
Sounds like a plan.
I dunno what happened,
but it seems like you're gettin'
along a lot better, too.
Yep. Time changes lots of stuff.
[BOTH sigh]
Like your faces, I mean.
Unless you're wearing
a disguise like me.
Still not saying anything?
[SOUL KING FANS] Encore!
Encore! Encore! Encore...
The Navy is here? So they know.
Very well, then.
Take it easy! No pushing!
One more song, Soul King!
We're waiting for you!
I still need a moment more.
My fans are calling for
an encore, you see,
and I can't let them down.
I think I owe them
this much at least.
So please, wait up for me.
[SOUL KING FANS cheering]
Those cheers could bring a dead
man back from his grave, baby.
Now listen, friends.
I'm afraid that I've got
somethin' a bit heavy
to share with you today.
[SOUL KING FANS murmuring]
After this show, I...
[SOUL KING FANS chattering]
[MARINE B]
This is the Navy! Nobody move!
What's the deal?
That's not cool!
[MARINE B] This is last living
member of the Rumbar Pirates,
the "Humming Swordsman" Brook,
presumed dead until now,
with a bounty of 33 million.
Despite his skeletal state,
our reports indicate that
Soul King is this pirate.
In addition to his
previous crimes,
we have further information
that indicates
he is now working for
Straw Hat Luffy!
Soul King Brook,
or rather, Humming
Swordsman Brook,
you're under arrest for piracy!
[SOUL KING FAN F]
No, it can't be true!
I feel like my
whole life is a lie.
[SOUL KING FAN M]
He was a pirate all along?
[SOUL KING FAN N]
But wait, Straw Hat Luffy's
been missing for years now.
[LONGARM BOSS] It's been a good
run, Brook, but it's over.
Your betrayal's not exactly
a surprise, Mr. Manager.
You're the one to blame,
telling me you were gonna
retire right after the show.
How could you do this to me?
A pity, but it seems like
I would've been better off
keeping you in that
cage after all.
We were gonna be rich,
but now our company's ruined.
You're nothing but
a filthy traitor.
[LONGARM BOSS]
If my life's going to hell,
I'm taking you with me.
[CHOPPER]
That is so cool!
Heck yeah!
Can I get a body like that, too?
[CHOPPER] So, can you,
like, transform and stuff?
Shoot beams? Missiles?
Laser eyes?
Hurry! Show me! Show me!
[FRANKY]
I carry the dreams of men
on my massive, metal shoulders!
[yells] I'm back and
better than ever!
I'm not just me...
I'm armored me, baby!
[CHOPPER]
Robot! Robot!
I know he's cool! But stop
before you have a heart attack!
One thing's buggin' me, though.
Those giant robo-hands
are great for bashing,
but how're you supposed
to do detail work?
Never doubt the master.
Whoa! Dude!
He's got a hand in his hand!
[USOPP, CHOPPER yelling]
[NAMI]
Robin!
[NAMI chuckles]
Nami! I love the hair!
Wow, he looks terrible.
Did he do that to himself?
[ROBIN]
Heh. It's Franky. Don't ask.
[gasps] Whoa, this must
be the coating, huh?
Wanna see somethin'
else cool? Press my nose.
Your nose?
Press and hold it,
for three seconds or--
Apply pressure to the
nasal region, human.
[CHOPPER] Holy crap,
he's like a real robot!
[USOPP]
Excited...
[CHOPPER]
One. Two. Three.
[USOPP]
Whoa! He grew hair!
[laughing]
Wait a sec. Can you style it?
Ahh. Easy as pie!
[laughs]
[CHOPPER laughs]
Hey! Look who it is! What's up?
Yeah, I see you.
Ugh. Like our crew didn't
stick out enough already.
Can I see your new
weapons, please? Can I?
[FRANKY grunting]
Sorry, buddy, that's
the main event,
so we gotta wait till
the captain shows up.
Mecha.
[CHOPPER]
He made robot noises!
[USOPP]
Is "mecha" his new catchphrase?
[CHOPPER, USOPP squealing]
[RAYLEIGH]
Hello there!
Hey, Rayleigh! Hey, Shakky!
Sorry to interrupt your reunion,
but we've kinda got an incident.
Actually, two very
large incidents
that demand your attention.
Put the guitar down now!
Hands in the air, pirate!
There's no escape!
[BROOK]
Members of the band...
My lovely chorus...
This will be my final song.
Will you share it with me?
[guitar plays]
Have no fear.
My music has more than just
soul, it has true power.
Are you insane?
You think anyone's gonna
let you play another song?
[BROOK]
You might not see it this way,
but I'm grateful for the
time we spent together.
Thank you for these
past two years,
and thank you for
bringing me here.
My crew and I have rather
tragic memories of this place.
We lost an important
battle here last time,
but we're ready to start anew.
I'm the musician of the crew.
I may possess some strength
as a swordsman,
but my job is to make
our journey more fun.
I've heard the stories.
They think people are
foolish enough to believe
that Straw Hat is dead.
Well, you listen
to me. He's not.
Straw Hat Luffy is out there,
alive and kickin'!
You can tell the world!
And while you're at it,
tell them he's going to be
the King of the Pirates
someday, too!
Boy, have I got some
news for you guys.
We better print this
one in a jiffy!
Yeah, baby, he's
comin' back soon,
and when he sets sail, I wanna
send him off Soul King style!
[SOUL KING FANS gasp]
That's so cool!
[BROOK]
Do you love me down to my bones?
[SOUL KING FANS]
Yeah!
[BROOK]
I'll dedicate this to my crew.
To my friends.
My soul will sing to you
one last time! Yeah!
[BROOk] Luffy, let's go to
the New World. Together.
The show is over! I said
you're under arres--
Would you shut up?!
It's his last song!
Let us hear it!
Please, what harm could it do?
[SOUL KING FAN J]
She's right!
You can wait till the show
is over, you bastards!
[BROOK] Music is power.
Music is always on your side.
[BROOK]
One, two, three, four.
[SOUL KING FANS cheering]
I call this one "New World"!
[BROOK]
Oh, yeah! Take it home now!
♪ Some people may call
my friend a weirdo ♪
♪ It may be true that he
started from zero ♪
♪ But even though he doesn't
walk the straight and narrow ♪
♪ He's got a heart of gold,
just like a hero ♪
[BACKING VOCALS]
♪ Whoo!
[BROOK]
♪ Oh, yeah!
♪ Come on, baby!
[BACKING VOCALS]
♪ Whoo!
[BROOK, BACKING VOCALS]
[BROOK] ♪ Men like him can't
help themselves from dreaming ♪
♪ He gazes towards tomorrow,
eyes a'gleaming ♪
♪ But every day,
♪ a dreamer fights against
reality it seems ♪
♪ A struggle to be free.
♪ If I were alone,
I might surrender. ♪
♪ The weight's
too heavy for me. ♪
♪ But when I hear him say it,
even I can believe. ♪
♪ Today is the day.
♪ We'll bury all our sorrow
♪ Time to raise the sails,
♪ they'll tell our tales
through every tomorrow. ♪
♪ Today is the day
♪ We're aiming towards
a new dawn ♪
♪ All our doubts are gone,
let's move along, ♪
♪ 'cause it's time
to sail away! ♪
[BROOK, BACKING VOCALS]
♪ For the New World.
♪ Where our dreams
will all come true! ♪
So long!
[SOUL KING FANS
gasping, chattering]
[BAND coughing]
What the--? Huh?
[BROOK laughing]
Uh! Buncha fools!
Why did you have to get
all sentimental like that?
Now we can't cash
in on his bounty!
[NAMI]
The Navy?
[SHAKKY]
That's right.
They thought those Fake Straw
Hats were the real deal
and mobilized their forces.
Pacifistas, too.
I have them wiretapped,
so there's no mistaking it.
Anyway, Brook is
finishing up his concert,
but I gave him a call backstage
to let him know
what was going on.
He said he'd come after the
encore, so it shouldn't be long.
Oh, yeah? Givin' up stardom
to be a lowly pirate?
Goes without sayin',
but the man's got a backbone.
All right, Nami, since
you're the navigator,
there are a few tricks to
operating a coated ship
I should pass on to you.
Uh. Okay. Sure, let's hear it!
We aren't getting ready
to take off, are we?
We're still missing
half the crew here!
I mean, did Luffy even make
it to the archipelago yet?
It's all under control!
[FAKE SANJI]
Captain!
Huh? I'm kind of in the middle
of something, you goons!
But we found the backpack
guy you was lookin' for.
That's good, right?
He's a "friend of the
crew," if you follow.
Say hi.
[RAYLEIGH]
In other words,
Luffy arrived earlier
this morning.
[laughs]
It's almost time to go!
I gave Sanji a baby Transponder
Snail when he stopped by,
so I'll tell him to come back.
He should have Zoro
with him, too.
Good.
We should hurry,
because any moment now,
the Navy will be attacking
with a sizable force.
Unfortunately, there's no way
to contact your captain.
But if you follow
this Vivre card,
you should be able
to hunt him down.
Let's hope the fake Straw
Hats buy you a bit of time.
[RAYLEIGH]
Grove 42 is on the outskirts,
so it's close to the sea.
Take the Sunny there
and be ready to depart
on a moment's notice.
I'm sure you'd like to relax
after these two difficult years,
but it wasn't meant to be.
The winds of the New
World wait for no one.
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats are
assembled on the Sunny
and ready to depart, but their
captain is still missing.
As a battle breaks out
between the fake Straw Hats
and the Navy, Luffy
is drawn into the chaos.
Unable to keep a low
profile any longer,
he shows the world the
strength he acquired
in his two years of absence.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Battle Is On! Show Them
What You Got From Training!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!